Malloc and free are two flexible and easy to use methods.
Of some basic rules observed as shown in this section that can be
used to quickly and flexibly reserve and release memory on the heap.
With the introduction of C plus plus however,
a different picture emerged here.
Suddenly, there were object-orientation,
and classes, and constructors, and destructors.
So the functions malloc and free from
the old C had to be replaced in most cases by the operators
new and delete which were created especially for
the use in object oriented programming language,
and allows for such things as operator overloading for example.
Now in the next section, we will deal with these operators in much more detail.